{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Verdana{\*\falt sans-serif};}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 DejaVu Sans;}{\f7\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 DejaVu Sans;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue128;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon16\snext1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\b\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs36\lang1033 Heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon16\snext2\ql\nowidctlpar\sb200\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\b\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs32\lang1033 Heading 2;}
{\s3\sbasedon16\snext3\ql\nowidctlpar\sb140\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf2\b\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs28\lang1033 Heading 3;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\cf3\ul\ulc1\langfe255\alang255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\ql\nowidctlpar\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Text Body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\ql\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\noline\ltrpar\cf1\i\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af7\afs24\ai\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\ql\nowidctlpar\noline\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af7\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\ql\nowidctlpar\li567\ri567\lin567\rin567\fi0\sb0\sa283\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Quotations;}
{\s22\sbasedon16\snext22\qc\nowidctlpar\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\b\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs56\lang1033 Title;}
{\s23\sbasedon16\snext23\qc\nowidctlpar\sb60\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs36\lang1033 Subtitle;}
}{\info{\author Morgan Lemmer-Webber}{\creatim\yr2016\mo6\dy28\hr8\min29}{\author Morgan Lemmer-Webber}{\revtim\yr2016\mo12\dy16\hr17\min30}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern67306242}}\deftab265
\viewscale120
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This spreadsheet inputs information to ramsay.arthistory.wisc.edu. By editing & adding to this file, we can easily change & expand the content of the website. Everyone who has access to the spreadsheet can make changes online in google sheets. These changes won't immediately effect the website, every two weeks I'll download the file and update the site with these changes. }
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Since the ledger is not illustrated, we find extant artifacts that match as closely as possible to the sales in the ledger to make the content more relatable to the viewer. Therefore each item entry on the website consists of two major components, a representative artifact and a representative ledger entry. On screen, you see the representative artifact to the left and the representative ledger entry to the right.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Below is a list of the columns in the spreadsheet, what they contain, and how you should input data into them. If you have any questions please contact Morgan Lemmer-Webber (}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "mailto:mlemmer@wisc.edu" }{\fldrslt {\cf3\ul\ulc1\langfe255\alang255\lang255\cf3\ul\ulc1\langfe255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang255
mlemmer@wisc.edu}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
)}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
self:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 This column is the title variable component of the path, or the last part of the web address (ramsay.arthistory.wisc.edu/title/}{\highlight4\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Button}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
). It's also used at various points in the code to link to items, therefore it is necessary to follow the following rules on this column. Use the simplest word or short phrase to identify the item. For consistency, this should be capitalized. Spaces or special characters in this field will result in an error when you try to load the page. For an item that has a two word title, capitalize both words without the space (BlankBook). }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\animtext0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3
Do not use descriptors in the self field}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\ulnone\ulc0\animtext0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\animtext0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3
unless they are necessary to distinguish it from another item entry (InkPot}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\ulnone\ulc0\animtext0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\animtext0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3
vs ChamberPot; Stays vs ChildsStays; MensCloak}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\ulnone\ulc0\animtext0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\animtext0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3
vs WomensCloak).}{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\ulnone\ulc0\animtext0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\animtext0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3
An ink pot and a chamber pot are obviously very different products depending on the descriptor. However, for some items we have multiple item entries for the same object type to indicate variation (such as stays and cloaks). Even though these are the same object types, they require different item entries in order to have different pages for the website.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
title:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 This is the item title that will appear on the page. Here you can use spacing, special characters, and adjectives to describe the item (Fine Silvered Coat Buttons). If the Ledger entry uses adjectives, and you find an artifact that matches that description, include those in the title.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ul\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Representative Artifact:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Since the ledger is not illustrated, we need to find extant artifacts that are as similar to the ledger entries as possible. Try to find an artifact as close in materials, type, and relative cost to what is described in the ledger. If you have options, choose the artifact as close in date to the 1750s as you can, and stay within a 100 year range. If you cannot find an extant artifact, illustrations, paintings, prints etc. from the relevant time frame will also work. For perishable goods that have not changed in appearance since the eighteenth century, such as vegetables and salt, modern images can be substituted (usually from wikimedia commons). ***Make sure that we have the rights to use all images. Ideally, use images that are released under public domain, creative commons, or gnu public licenses. If they come from a museum or collection, check their image usage rights and verify that they are available to publish on the web for a non-commercial, educational website.***}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
artifact:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 the title of the representative artifact}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
image:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 This is the filename for the image. For consistency, all images should be titled with the title used in the self field and capitalized (Button.jpg). The jpg file should be formatted to 500x500 pixels at a resolution of 72. If the image is not square, scale the image so that one side is 500 pixels, then change the overall dimensions of the file to 500x500 and add a background with the color f4efda}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
thumbnail:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 This is the filename for the thumbnail of the image. For consistency, all thumbnails should be titled with the title used in the self field, capitalized, followed by the word Thumbnail capitalized with no spaces (ButtonThumbnail.jpg). Ideally, the jpg file should be formatted to 150x150 pixels at a resolution of 72. If the image cannot be cropped to a square, get as close as possible and scale the height to 150 pixels.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
materials:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 This refers to the material of the representative artifact. Keep this entry as short as possible.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
dimensions:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 This refers to the dimensions of the representative artifact. Keep this entry as short as possible.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
date:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 The date of the representative artifact}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
origin:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 The location of origin of the representative artifact}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
distance:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 This refers to the distance from the origin of the representative artifact to Alexandria, VA.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
collection:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 This refers to the collection or source of the representative artifact}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
link:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 This should be a stable link to the artifact on the collection or site that you got your image. If there is no direct link to the artifact available, link to the collection in general}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
license:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 the license that the image of the representative artifact is released under. If it is from a museum, use the format that they specify on their licensing page. }
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
link2: }{\ulnone\ulc1\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
a link to a description of the license that the image is released under. If it is from a museum, link to their licensing page.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ul\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ul\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Ledger Entry:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 For each entry on the website, you will pick an entry in the ledger that is representative of the object type. Pick one that is the most common material, type, color, price etc.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
ledger:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 The filename of the excerpt of representative ledger entry. For consistency, all ledger images should be titled with the title used in the self field, capitalized, followed by the word Ledger capitalized with no spaces (ButtonLedger.jpg). For these, find the sale in the pdf of the ledger, then open that page with an image manipulation program & cut it down to only that entry, then export it as a jpg. }
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
department:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 The retail department of the ledger entry (as listed in the database)}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
customer:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 The customer who purchased the representative ledger entry}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
page:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 The page number of the representative ledger entry}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
origin2:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 In this field, give 1-3 sentences about where this type of object was likely to be imported from in the eighteenth century.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
description:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Give a brief description (about 3-5 sentences) what the item is and how it was used in the eighteenth century.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ul\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
*citations:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 We are using the Chicago Manual of Style full citation ( }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/tools_citationguide.html" }{\fldrslt {\cf3\ul\ulc1\langfe255\alang255\lang255\cf3\ulnone\ulc1\langfe255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang255
http://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/tools_citationguide.html}{}}}\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 ). Because html & css require different fields for differences in font formatting, each citation has been broken into three separate columns as follows:}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
author:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Put anything that comes before the italics in the citation here. For a book, this includes the author & punctuation }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
(Ivor No\u235\'3fl Hume.). For an article, this includes the author, the article title,  punctuation, and the word 'in' for journals within anthologies (Ann Smart Martin.\~"Ribbons of Desire: Gendered Stories in the World of Goods," in)}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
book:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Put the title of the book or journal here, basically the part of the citation that requires italics (}{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
A Guide to Artifacts of Colonial America.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
)(}{\i\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Gender, Taste, and Material in Britain in America in the Long Eighteenth-century,}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
)}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
publisher:}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Put everything after the italics here. For a book or article in a book this is the city of publication, publisher, year, pages cited and punctuation ( (Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2001), 88-93.). For  a journal article this is the volume, issue, year, and pages (104, 2 (1996): 165-184.)}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
If you are citing two sources, follow the same procedure for }{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
author2}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, }{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
book2}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, and }{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
publisher2}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
unit:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 the quantity that the object was sold in}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
pounds:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 The price of the representative ledger entry. }
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
pounds2:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 The price converted into modern British Pounds (}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.measuringworth.com/m/calculators/ukcompare/" }{\fldrslt {\cf3\ul\ulc1\langfe255\alang255\lang255\cf3\ulnone\ulc1\langfe255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang255
https://www.measuringworth.com/m/calculators/ukcompare/}{}}}\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 with the initial year at 1753 and the desired year at 2014 }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
using the }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.measuringworth.com/m/calculators/ukcompare/result.php?year_source=1753&amount=0.6&year_result=2014#" }{\fldrslt {\cf3\ul\ulc1\langfe255\alang255\lang255\cf3\ul\ulc1\langfe255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang255
retail price index }{}}}\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
)}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af8\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\ulnone\ulc1\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
dollars:}{\ulnone\ulc1\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 The price converted from modern British Pounds to USD (}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.measuringworth.com/exchange/" }{\fldrslt {\cf3\ul\ulc1\langfe255\alang255\lang255\cf3\ulnone\ulc1\langfe255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang255
https://www.measuringworth.com/exchange/}}}}
\par }